Osdocs 8885.1 (#68700)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/policy-security-regulation-compliance.adoc

[id="firewall_{context}"]
=== Firewall and DDoS protection
Each {product-title} cluster is protected by a secure network configuration at the cloud infrastructure level using firewall rules (AWS Security Groups or Google Cloud Compute Engine firewall rules). {product-title} customers on AWS are also protected against DDoS attacks with link:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/waf/latest/developerguide/ddos-overview.html[AWS Shield Standard].

> Similarly, all GCP load balancers and public IPs used by {product-title} on GCP are protected against DDoS attacks with link:https://cloud.google.com/armor/docs/managed-protection-overview[Google Cloud Armor Standard].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similarly, all GCP load balancers and public IP addresses used by {product-title} on GCP are protected against DDoS attacks with link:https://cloud.google.com/armor/docs/managed-protection-overview[Google Cloud Armor Standard].
```
See SSG: https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#_i
